I think we can all agree that things were
better under the Empire.
Fortunately. I am still here to protect
you.
Your communities can thrive under my
protection.
You are the lucky few.
But that which I provide is expensive.
And now I must maintain all of it without
the Empire's support until the galaxy
realizes what they've lost and demand our
return.
Long live the Empire!
Good.
Now for the bad news.
I am raising your tribute.
But Your Excellency. we are operating at a
loss.
The trade routes are plagued with pirates
and thieves ready to attack him.
Are you saying that my protection is
lacking?
No. Your Excellency.
I am saying that...
Perhaps you should all go back to your
townships and focus on solutions.
not excuses.
Does that sound reasonable?
Yes.
Sounds like a perimeter alert.
I'll confirm.
I've lost contact.
Go check it.
There's nothing to worry about.
I'll send for reinforcements.
That's the end of the story.
A little pause.
.. and we are back.
Lay down cover fire.
Take up arms!
Long live the Empire!
What are you waiting for?
Hop on!
Hang on!
It would get him!
Not yet. sir.
But we will.
We missed him!
He's under us!
We have him.
Fire!
What's going on?
Keep a status report.
Has the target been eliminated?
I've lost contact.
Walker 3 is gone.
Send everybody.
Understood.
Prepare to engage!
That's it.
We now have the CBs.
You are down.
No. sir.
Make sure to bring the CBs.
Yes. sir.
Make it quick.
And you may remain silent for a few
seconds.
Bernie.
Left arm.
Yes. sir.
Hold on.
While you are standing. hold on.
Rather. stay at right-hand position.
Yes. sir.
Right arm.
Left arm.
Did you see him?
Have you located him?
Did you get the Mandalorian?
Something's up there.
He's on the roof!
Can you see him?
Take him out!
Get up there!
But we're pilots!
Go now!
Yes. sir.
Help him!
Send in charges.
Repair Brett's bill.
He's breaching the hatch!
Our pilot.
I know him.
I need to get the shot.
You know. it's better if you bring him in
alive.
You okay?
You see. he catches the bad guy and they
tell us where the other bad guys are.
Things went a little sideways.
We're going to have to get him out of
here.
Good luck.
You're going to need it.
Messy.
Very messy.
It was the best I could do under the
circumstances.
The problem is. we need information.
Without it. we're never going to get to
the bottom of what the Empire is up to.
Just give me time.
I'll take out every bad guy in your deck
of cards.
This isn't about revenge.
It's about preventing another war.
And protecting everything the Rebellion
fought for.
Does that mean I'm not getting paid for
this one?
You're getting paid. all right.
Come with me.
Impressive.
Where did you get one of these?
It was from a captured
Imperial Commandant
who had a big collection
of vintage vehicles.
This one is stock.
Perfectly restored.
I took it out for a test spin.
They did a nice job on the rebuild.
This is worth a lot more than the bounty
on that inn.
Well. let's call it an advance on the next
mission.
What next mission?
Commander Coyne.
Our missing ace of staves.
No one knows what he looks like.
and most believe him to be dead.
Not a lot to go on.
What's the play?
I want you to go to Nal Hutta and meet
with the Hutts.
They've agreed to lead us to him.
What's in it for them?
Their nephew is being
held against his will
by another crime
syndicate on the Outer Rim.
And they need a professional to get him
out quickly and quietly.
Where is he?
They'll only tell you in person.
You got a name?
His name is Rod of the Hut.
The only surviving heir of crime lord
Jabba the Hutt.
You ever cross his path?
I tried not to.
So. do we have a deal?
I only hunt down Imperial war criminals.
I don't work for gangsters anymore.
Especially the Hutts.
That's right. you don't.
You work for us.
And right now. this is what we need you to
do.
You don't want the job.
I got nothing for you.
Come aboard.
May as well have a look around.
Let's go here. though. Hutts.
I'll even let you fly this time.
I didn't say yes.
You didn't say no. either.
Yes.
She's dark. but she's clean.
Hey. don't touch anything.
Never touch the buttons.
No. no. no. don't touch anything here.
Hmm.
Hang on.
Where did you find yourselves?
Razorcrest.
Requesting clearance.
I'm here by invitation of the Twins.
Easy on the stakes.
They're expecting us.
We should be fine.
Clearance prompted.
You are cleared to approach.
They've got a lot of firepower here.
Yeah.
Looks like they hired the droid gotcha.
The Huns take security seriously.
Let's go.
The Huns have been the head of criminal
enterprises for thousands of years.
They use violence and treachery to their
advantage.
They're here to maintain control.
Be careful.
You may be their guests.
But we are not safe.
It's not a secret.
We finally meet
the legendary Mandalorian.
We need to save them.
We are so glad you decided to work for us.
They're here to take our lives.
You will be very rich.
We must not let them escape.
They're the ones who have the power.
I don't work for you.
I work for the New Republic.
I'm told you can lead us to the Imperial
fugitive Commander Coen.
Of course. Mando.
That's what you're saying?
I understand your nephew Rana has been
kidnapped.
Yes. our poor nephew has been taken.
He fell in with a bad crowd.
We are heartbroken.
Think of how you would feel if your little
one went missing.
What does it look like?
Do you have an image?
Ah yes.
The only image we
have is from long ago.
He is a fancy robot. Opa.
He's had a growth spurt since then.
Okay. I'll rescue your nephew.
Where is he being held?
You will find him on the moon of Shakari.
It shall be done.
We're about to come out of hyperspace in
the Shikari system.
To state the obvious.
you are operating
outside the jurisdiction
of the New Republic.
If things get messy. I can't call in an
X-Wing strike.
I know the drill.
Before going into harm's way. check your
armor first.
It's gotta fit snug so
it doesn't slide. but
not so tight that it
restricts your movement.
Got it?
How's that feel?
All right. Xen.
Your arm is here.
I'm ready.
Okay. got it. got it.
Whoa!
That's quite an impressive denomination.
I'm not sure it got changed with that.
We can keep the change.
I'm new to these parts.
I can use some information.
And for this price. I'll tell you whatever
you want.
I'm looking for a hut.
Shh. don't mention that name.
Don't say that.
What are you trying to get us both killed?
Here. keep the credits.
Food's on me.
Go away.
Thank you.
Okay. never happened.
Let's go.
Nothing to see here.
My ditch is on the open.
What is this?
No. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
I don't want your credits.
Because I didn't give you any information.
His name is Radha.
Really?
Something funny?
Yeah.
Everybody knows Radha the Hut.
That guy's a monster.
Radha!
He doesn't seem like a prisoner to me.
Dewanawonga.
Are you here to kill me?
Kongji Kruspo.
I'm here to rescue you.
What makes you think I need rescuing?
Your aunt and uncle hired me to find you.
Yeah. I see.
Well. thank you. but I don't require
rescuing.
Tomorrow's the last match in my contract
and after that my debt will be paid.
I'll be a free agent.
Paid to who?
Who's he?
Don't stare.
It's okay.
What's your name?
He doesn't talk?
Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed him?
Sure.
Who do you have to pay?
Lord Giano.
I don't know the name.
You should.
He runs the Syndicate on all the moons of
Shikari.
He signed me to his stable.
He bankrolled my board and training.
He keeps you in a cage.
He treats me well.
And after tomorrow night I'll be my own
man.
And with the following he got me as a
promoter.
Not only will my debt be paid.
but I'll be rich by the solstice.
Grogu. heel!
Don't worry. I'm not my father.
You know how hard it is to be your own man
when your father is Jabba the Hutt?
You see them cheering for me out there?
For me.
It's the first time I'm not living in his
shadow.
That's why I fight in the pits.
They feared him. but they cheer for me.
So no. I don't need to be rescued.
Where can I find Lord Jowdo?
Thank you. open the door.
I don't know.
Can I be with you. damn Mandalorians?
They don't even come for me.
He's going around talking.
I just want to know where I can find Lord
Jowdo.
Don't say that.
Do not say that name.
Stop saying it.
I recommend you calm down.
Please don't kill me. don't kill me.
I got twelve little ones at home.
Smaller than him.
They're smaller.
Yeah. it's just...
I pay him protection. okay?
We all do.
I barely make a living. to be honest.
but at least I'm alive.
Who collects for him?
I don't know.
Different people come here.
Sometimes they come here. sometimes I do a
drop myself.
What do I know?
Where?
Where what?
Where do you do the drops?
Sometimes I go down to... different
places.
Usually... Sometimes I go
to the salt bar under Corbin
Station and then there's
other places too you go to.
You know. I go around.
No. I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I didn't give you the information.
I was just talking.
It's not for information.
It's to cover his tab.
I'm looking for Lord Chowdhury.
Maybe you made a mistake.
Maybe you remember wrong and think you
know me.
Maybe you just walked through the wrong
door.
Well. I'm not here to buy salt.
Salt?
We don't sell salt.
It's on the ration.
How much for the shoulder candy?
Look real pretty in the cage.
I'm here to see Lord Chowdhury.
I won't repeat myself again.
No.
It seems you earned your salt today.
I'm Jano.
Come to the back and pick out a crystal.
Pugs breath.
Have the boys clean up.
Make sure I don't miss any pets.
I'm Jano.
Choose one.
Salt is of no value to me where I'm from.
But here it's worth a small fortune.
Because it's rationed.
By the politicians.
Which makes it rare.
As are you. Mandalorian.
Have you ever considered fighting in the
pits?
I try to avoid violence.
Of course you do.
I do as well.
So what brings you to this establishment?
If you're not in the market for salt?
I want to buy out the contract on a
fighter from your stable.
Perhaps you would consider joining my
stable instead.
This buys a lot of salt where I'm from.
I'm offering you this in exchange for the
fighting contract on Rod of the Hunt.
My dear boy.
There's no price high enough to buy him
out of his last fight.
I'll be grooming that little prince for
many cycles.
Setting him up for tomorrow's match.
Take the credits.
It's his last fight for you.
It's his last fight ever.
I've collected the most deadly creatures
from across the galaxy.
He's fighting in the Jeruk match?
Yes.
He will die tomorrow.
And a select few know it.
Here's my gift to you.
Take those credits.
Bet it all on the death of the Hutt.
In exchange. all I ask is that you
consider fighting in my pits.
The people of Shikari would pay any price
to see the rarest of sights.
One of the legendary Mandalorian warriors
engaging in bloodsport.
This should more than cover our little
misunderstanding out there.
All I ask is that you consider my offer.
It would make us both very rich.
Looks like we're going to have to do this
the hard way.
I don't care.
Going to Siawara to revolt.
I've got a little business to run.
but I'm going to have to.
We're going to have to.
I'm going to be doing this the hard way.
What would you like to do?
I'm going to do what I want.
A little pause...
and we are back.
I'm killing you.
I'm here to get your help.
Tomorrow's my last fight.
I'll be free after I win.
The fix is in.
It's a Djerig match.
He will keep throwing opponents at you
until you die.
Why should I believe you?
You were sent by my aunt and uncle who
want me dead.
They want you back.
You're embarrassing them.
The twins want me dead because I'm heir to
the throne. not them.
But I don't want it.
I don't want to be anything like my
father.
When I first started fighting.
the people all booed me.
They wanted to see me die because I'm the
son of Jabba the Hutt.
Then I won and became a champion and they
slowly began to cheer.
They realized I'm not my father.
I'm my own man.
And I'm not afraid to fight for what I
have.
To earn it.
To prove myself to everyone.
Kid. fighting's not a sport.
It's a last resort.
Now come with me before things get ugly.
Guards!
He's back!
Get out.
I don't want to fight you.
Then you're in for a long day!
Yes!
Ah!
I'm not going to kill you.
I'm here to rescue you.
I yield.
Radha the Hutt has won.
Now you owe him his freedom.
Now he is free... to die!
Our only chance is to work together.
We need to go.
Want help with the robot?
Yes. I got this.
We should go now.
Now?
Yes.
I'm going to die!
He's got me.
Are you good?
Don't worry. buddy.
We're getting out of here.
You were right.
The fix was in.
Let's get you out of here.
I'm gonna find us a ride.
Sorry. Mando.
I can't go back.
You can't go back.
Then. I've got a runner!
I'm sorry. but I can't go back.
You're going up!
I didn't make this!
I can't.
Oh. my God.
Hey!
You got me!
Can't blame a guy for trying!
We're about to jump to hyperspace.
Where are you bringing me?
It's not safe to keep you chained up.
If I unlock you. can we agree to no funny
stuff?
Are you bringing me in a huddle?
This is an old shit.
Sometimes things get a little bouncy.
My aunt and uncle were scared of my
father.
They've always been cruel to me.
Now that they control this criminal
empire. they need me eliminated.
You bring me to them.
I'm a dead man.
You don't know that.
If you let me go. you'll never hear from
me again.
It's a big galaxy.
I can disappear.
Sorry. kid.
I was hired to do a job.
I don't know how you sleep at night.
Working for those monsters.
I don't work for them.
I work for the New Republic.
They hired me.
Not the twins.
When I bring you back. they're giving me
the whereabouts of Commander Coyne.
a high-ranking ex-imperial operating on
the Outer Rim.
It's Janu.
The man you're looking for is Janu.
Lord Janu Coyne.
That's who the Hutts are going to give
you.
He's ex-imperial.
That can't be.
The twins would have told me.
I saw Stormtroopers.
You brought me to whose
estate wants to celebrate
a big win. and there were
Stormtroopers everywhere.
If you don't believe me and you don't get
them now. you'll get another shot.
In fact. it might already be too late.
That's quite a story.
Why should I believe you?
You're a bounty hunter.
You know when someone's lying.
Am I lying. or am I telling the truth?
That's it.
That's Janu Coyne's compound.
Could be big boys telling the truth.
The place is lousy with Stormtroopers.
How many did you see when you were in
there?
A lot.
You're going to need a lot of backup if
you're actually thinking of going in.
Uh-huh.
Get word to all our foot soldiers on the
dark side of Shikari.
I want eyes on the starboard and all the
freight planes.
Lean on the mayor.
Nothing takes off all hands until we find
them.
Most of my personal security forces are
going to hit the streets in full armor.
I don't want to take any chances when it
comes to the Mandalorian.
I've heard many things about those
monsters.
It's all true.
Imperial Commander Janu
Coyne. I'm here on behalf
of the New Republic
to bring you to justice.
I'm afraid we're outside of your
jurisdiction.
Take him!
I can bring you in warm.
Or I can bring you in cold.
Grogu.
Rana.
Rana. come in.
Does anyone read me?
I'm up.
We need you to fire up the drives.
Fire up the drives.
We have company.
Received.
I don't know how to fly.
Do you know how to fly?
Neither of us know how to fly and I can't
even fit in the cockpit.
Grogu. I need you to go to the control
panel.
Remember the buttons I told you never to
touch?
I'm gonna need you to touch them.
Look for the ignition relay cutoff.
It's next to the fuel differential
readout.
Which is between the pump compression
gauge and the primary reserve in...
No.
Don't touch the missile battery switch.
That's why there's a safety guard on it.
Do you see the fuel readout described?
Yes.
Remember I told you that one?
It's on the other side of the manual
control surface calibration...
I don't think he knows what he's doing.
Get out.
Move.
Get going.
They're shifting you two.
Good job. buddy.
Strap in.
Unlike this kid.
Come on.
I'm glaubing I can live here.
Over your head.
Get a second.
Stand by.
Come on. come on!
Tony. are you going to pull it off?
You're fucking Memory. too?
KAT. you win.
Stop ableist!
Come on!
KAT. you win.
Get him Madame G kicks just right.
HOLY He's a tank. too.
Oh. I gotcha.
But... This car... Death's
not gonna make you fly.
This old junk is going to get us killed.
I need more power.
Disable the safety paddles so I can
override the limiter.
Ow!
I'm a pilot. not a mech-mech.
Just rip out the whole brain board.
Everything okay up there?
Perfect.
I told you to strap in.
Always wear your seatbelt.
Take it easy up there!
Here we
go.
That doesn't look like a hut.
This is Imperial Commander John O'Coyne.
He's full of information and ready to sing
like a yazzum.
Isn't that right. Coyne?
I demand an eternity presence if I'm to be
questioned.
You see. he's full of secrets.
You were supposed to bring back Radha.
We had an arrangement with the twins.
This is your ace of staves.
This is who they were going to lead you
to.
And then tip them off. sell you out.
and collect credits from both sides.
Take him away.
Intelligence has been
cultivating a relationship
with the Hutts for
a very long time.
And you crossed them.
The twins can hold a grudge.
I made a call.
I got you the big prize.
The twins can rot in hell.
Well. you missed out on them paying you a
big bounty for their nephew.
So be it.
Well. I'll see if I can hit a command for
a fee for the capture of Coyne.
Don't worry about it.
It's on me.
This one got messy.
I'm taking a break.
I understand.
Vando.
Good job.
We're going to pull the restrictor plates.
The first one should be just past the
return line.
That's it.
There should be three more.
Thanks for coming.
I'm looking to make some performance
modifications.
I need to cut out dead weight for speed.
Pull out anything that doesn't make her
go.
Hey!
Hail.
Stay.
I purged the fuel lines.
I want to remove all the restrictors and
unplug the exhaust.
You want to go help them?
Do you promise to play nice?
Yes.
All right.
Go.
Don't worry about him.
The little guy is going to be okay.
Sorry.
I found these in your kitchen.
I was alone when I was his age.
And I had to fend for myself.
He's lucky he has you.
Well. you didn't turn out half bad.
Life's messy. but we do the best we can.
Listen. I called the gun runner who agreed
to take you out of the system.
We both know the twins will be looking for
you. so you best keep moving.
Thank you. man-dog.
It was a fair trade.
Make sure you lay low.
I don't want to see your name on my
listing.
Do you want to do this again?
You have my word.
All right.
You take care of yourself. little guy.
And keep an eye on your old man.
too. all right?
Here you go.
Hand one of these for me.
Let's save the rest of these for after
dinner.
Yes. sir.
Thank you.
Wake
up.
There's someone out there.
Quiet.
Get under the floor.
Yes. sir.
Wait here.
If I say no. get out.
A little pause.
..
And we are back.
A little pause and we are back.
Did you get the Mandalorian?
Yes.
Very good. Bring him to Nal Hutta.
Let him go.
Hey!
You hungry?
You want a treat?
Here you go.
Come on. come on.
Who hired you?
Was it the Huds?
Well. if it was the Huds. I'd make sure
they're paying you what you're worth.
But I'm guessing Accuso is smart enough to
get their money up front.
We'll just have to wait and see.
Oh!
Where'd he come from?
Have you seen it?
Oh. it's him.
No!
I didn't see it.
You're
a little hungry?
I love the hot spider.
I don't like it.
Don't be scared.
It's okay.
Come on.
Let's go.
Big guy is inside and now we have to go
and find him.
Manto is in the palace.
Let's find him.
Good job. baby.
Joker.
Pay the hunter.
My son in Malibu.
You broke our agreement.
Now you must pay.
Bring me his helmet.
Mandalorian steel.
Priceless.
On the black market.
But what?
The war is knowing.
We have shamed you forever.
We know the memory. Creed.
You'll be out half.
We're letting an enemy see your face.
Not if you all die.
It will bring us ecstasy.
To watch your strong spirit break.
I'm not going to let you die.
Monstrous.
You did this to him.
Raka would have died painlessly.
But you betrayed us.
Now you will suffer.
For centuries.
You see.
Hearts live for hundreds of years.
Just like your small brain.
Child.
One day you will die.
And Goroku will be without you.
To protect you.
And then.
It will be his turn.
To suffer.
To kill us.
Run.
To wipe our past.
To dream.
And above all.
Goodbye from me.
To
Leave you alone.
Doesn't exist from now on.
With friend and family.
And on his own.
A little pause.
You have entertained us.
Here is your reward.
.. and we are back.
A little pause.
Even if you win. you
will die from the poison.
Are you okay?
How did you get here?
I'll tell you in a second!
That way!
Freyja!
Send the droids! Release the
Amani! Don't let him escape!
Damari!
Ni tu novala!
Go. kid.
I can't fit in that thing.
But you have to leave.
Don't worry.
I'll be right behind you.
Go!
Now!
I'll hold them off.
Goodbye. kid.
How did we get here?
There is no one your age...
Now you have to get out and then you have
to face the world!
How did we do that?
Well. I don't know.
I'm sorry.
Then what?
I don't know.
A little pause.
And we are back.
He thinks you are the one who stole my
fish.
I'm guessing you're not from around here.
A morsel like you should be more careful.
You look to be the bottom of the Nauhutta
food chain.
I'm surprised you haven't found your way
to the hut's supper table.
Have you heard of the huts. have you?
Are you scared?
You should be.
They would swallow you whole. given half a
chance.
You shouldn't have. now you're a child.
I'm telling you.
Make yourself scarce.
Be careful. Mr.
Be careful.
God. I'm sure I'm going to get closer.
A little pause... and we are back.
Hey!
Get away from my fish!
Kaibou!
The hunter says you have a partner.
Says you two escaped the twins.
Well. that's impressive.
Says your partners hurt real bad.
Bit by a dragon snake.
Poisoned.
I want you to feed this to him.
Now you should know. this might be too
little too late.
And there's a good chance he doesn't wake
up.
Either way. best thing you can do right
now is make him comfortable.
There comes a time where we all have to
say goodbye.
I wish you luck. small traveler.
Wish you luck.
I
Wish we
could stay together.
The
old protect the young. and the young
protect the old.
This is the way.
How do we get off this planet?
That's the gun runner that was carrying
Radha.
The way I see it. we got two choices.
We can use this ship. get off world.
That might buy us some time. a little bit
of peace.
But the Hutts will keep coming for us.
Just like they came for Radha.
So do we run?
Or do we fight?
Repel the intruders!
Protect the palace!
That's the way.
I am the way.
Wait! We know much.
Go help Radha.
That's the way.
You can't get me out of this.
I saw my face.
Stop!
Now it's time to die.
A little pause... and we are back.
A little pause.
.. and we are back.
A little pause... and we are back.
You don't have Jabba to protect you.
I'm not little anymore!
A little pause...
and we are back.
A little pause... and we are back.
Stop! You'll kill us all!
Save us. bounty hunter!
Save us!
We don't have much time.
We have to get out of here.
Is there another way out?
I think it's that way.
Go!
Mando!
Hello?
We came back!
What?
We told you we would!
The Deltai Squadron. entering atmosphere.
What's your status. Mando?
We're under attack.
There's too many.
Fire everything you have at my location.
Your location?
Yes. my location.
I can't give that order.
Don't worry.
We'll be out of here by the time you do.
Good luck.
Blue leader in the squadron.
Assume defensive formation. prepare to
engage.
All weapons hot.
Copy that.
Fire!
That's it.
Enemy fighter approaching.
Give me the gun.
Two releases on my hands.
Got it.
I've
got one on my tail!
I got you.
Taking out the launch tubes.
Blue Leader to Red Jammer.
Mark it and lock it in.
Lock it.
Did you get it?
We're trapped.
Stand back.
We're closing fast.
Repeat. we're closing fast.
You better be out of there. Mando.
Jump.
That's a long way down.
Closing on target.
We gotta jump.
The bomb's not that deep.
It's a bomber.
Jump!
Let's light out this spot.
Anybody got eyes on Mando?
Here they are.
Sam. go collect the trash.
I'm getting a little tired of these hot
extractions.
What took you so long?
Hop in.
Let's head home.
Well. so long.
You're not strong or anything into your
sorte Elizabeth.
No. I don't think they're strong.
You know how they were to make me
subscribed?
Oh no.
They weren't of any use at the time.
Are they famous?
When did they show their room?
I shut them down.
We don't leave our own behind.
I'm an independent contractor.
Sure. Mando.
Sure you are.
Can I
give you a ride somewhere?
Actually. I was thinking I could stay
here.
Maybe work for the New Republic.
Don't take this the wrong way.
but I'm not sure you would fit in.
You know. I might have a uniform that
would fit him.
Come on. let me buy you a drink.
Thank you. Mando.
How are you big-time?
Just doing my job.
Keep an eye on him.
Your dad's one of the good ones.
Hey kid. come up here.
Your turn.
Go ahead.